Brother Hui, I really trouble you this time.
Brother, what are you talking about? Isn’t your daughter my daughter?
There will be a new batch of original materials at the exchange meeting in the afternoon,
They are all good old friends. Brother, can I vent the air?
It's up to you. Brother, don't worry.
You know best my ability to read facts.
I just saw a car after a car downstairs and I said,
Do you want to buy them one by one?
yes. The people who come here to dance are all bosses who are engaged in the instant betting industry.
Skills enjoy the excitement of reading reality,
You can also make a new batch. Brother,
You are in the real estate business, why would you come to buy the original one?
When this table is round, one or two pieces of top-notch food will be produced.
Everything else is earned
You are the boring Li Fei who is in the spotlight
Let him see it later
It's better to let him lose so much that he's not even the bottom banker.
You must be as powerful as the man who made your second uncle
I'll take you to suggest good things, brother
Let the whole family help save people
Wait for the original auction.
A piece of nearly 100 kilograms of red Fei was opened.
As expected, the president of the conference has a lot of experience.
So quickly replaced by a man